Adds a defintion for essential text change (#1916)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/auto-update-text-efbfc7.md

## Expectation

> For each test target that is not an [essential text change][] there is at least one set of [instruments][instrument], where each [instrument][] is in the same [web page][] as the test target or can be found in a [clearly labeled location][] from that [web page][], to achieve at least one of the following objectives:

Reviewer: We need to also say what happen for the essential ones.
```suggestion
For each test target, either it is an [essential text change][], or there is at least one set of [instruments][instrument], where each [instrument][] is in the same [web page][] as the test target or can be found in a [clearly labeled location][] from that [web page][], to achieve at least one of the following objectives:
```

## Expectation

> For each test target, the text change is a [non essential text change][] and there is at least one set of [instruments][instrument], where each [instrument][] is in the same [web page][] as the test target or can be found in a [clearly labeled location][] from that [web page][], to achieve at least one of the following objectives:

Reviewer 2: If I'm reading the logic right, aren't you now saying that essential text changes don't meet the expectation? This is going to be super awkward, so we need to find a better way to phrase this, but what this should be I think is:

```suggestion
For each test target, the text change is not a[non essential text change][] or there is at least one set of [instruments][instrument], where each [instrument][] is in the same [web page][] as the test target or can be found in a [clearly labeled location][] from that [web page][], to achieve at least one of the following objectives:
```

Author: My goal was actually to exclude essential text changes from the expectation, but since we can't use the definition inside of the applicability I don't really have a way to do that. I was really trying to avoid the `not a non-essential text change` language since the double negative is somewhat confusing, but I'm not sure we can avoid it.

> For each test target, the text change is a [non essential text change][] and there is at least one set of [instruments][instrument], where each [instrument][] is in the same [web page][] as the test target or can be found in a [clearly labeled location][] from that [web page][], to achieve at least one of the following objectives:

Reviewer 2: We should have some examples for essential text changes passing the rule.

Author: Coming back to this after way too long, I think this rule will actually be subject to the changes we are suggesting in the subjective applicability discussion. I think this would fall into the third category of "[Thing] is/has [subjective attribute]". In this case, filling in the blanks, it would be 'Text change is not non-essential'.

With this, we could move this into the applicability and not have to worry about having that test in the expectation which should really be there, and we wont need to include an example in the test cases.
